Today I'm going to tell you the story of how
get erika's armor and everything is
true
on a lovely night in skyrim like
any other day with its landscapes
snowy your dragons
and your bums if this is me a
sad wanderer who passed all the
nights sitting on a bench waiting for
that a stroke of luck would come
it will change your life that could wait
it was simply a social dispossession that
I had to shower in the drains of
white race my only goal was
find a place where you can spend the
quiet and relaxed night out
between animals or among garbage but who
would you tell me that that normal night and
current so similar to the rest was going to
change something in my life
anyone who would pass by there would say
this guy is crazy
but that was the first time I spoke
with an animal commented something about a
armor that would change my life and such was
the emotion that caused me that I left
there jumping and wanting to undertake
this new adventure I mentalized myself
I prepared and I informed myself I was months
years traveling from one place to another not
I found what I really wanted
until finally when I least
I was waiting for the day I least wanted
there it was the flame that signaled
the place I already had it was so close
I just had to avoid those two giants
danger lurked behind me but that
moment or I surrendered and I regretted all
my life or I tried and if I failed
I could rest assured that at least
he had tried and if there he was
the water armor maybe the destination
was the one who made me stop what
enough for those giants
come back I tried to escape but I already
they had seen they had no solution I tried
dialogue with them but it was impossible
when I wanted to realize they were
abusing me they beat me they mistreated me
They even killed me
but I had already got my armor
water
when I know it and if it has been deleted